README.md, before:

# WeeklyProgress_jeanmejias
# week 14th Feb - 18th Feb)
TODO: Project Animal Trading Card

- [x] Project: Animal Trading Cards. 

# week (19th Feb - 24thFeb
TODO: Starting responsive design

The week is going quite well. I have finished [x] 'WHY responsive'; [x] 'starting small' and [x] 'building up' lessons. So far, I haven't stuck. 
I have learnt a lot about responsive website. How to set my webapge to change the layout in diferent devices depending the needs -DPI, Width and Height. 
I have learnt how to use media queries to define a breaking points to do my webpage more responsive. 

# week (26th Feb - 3rd March)
TODO: Continue on web foundation

Complete all the lessons of the web foundation and send my final project to be reviewed.

# week (5th March - 11th March)
TODO: Finish the last lesson of web foundation and make my final project
- [x] Lesson 17 'writing readmes' **Completed**
- [x] Course Responsive Images **Complete**
- [x] Project - Build a portofolio site **submitted**

This week I expect to finish my last lesson from web foundation and finish my final project. 

# week (12th March - 18th March)
TODO: Start module web programming with Javascript

- [ ] Review basic concepts about javascript...
- [ ] Lesson 8 Syntax
- [ ] Lesson 9 Shell Worskshop
- [ ] Lesson 10 What is a version control? 
- [ ] Lesson 11 Create A Git Repo **Review concepts**
- [ ] Lesson 12 Review a Repo's History
- [ ] Lesson 13 Add Commits to A Repo **Review Concepts**

Commit message:

Add weekly plan for week 6th

README.md, after:

# WeeklyProgress_jeanmejias
# week 14th Feb - 18th Feb)
TODO: Project Animal Trading Card

- [x] Project: Animal Trading Cards. 

# week (19th Feb - 24thFeb
TODO: Starting responsive design

The week is going quite well. I have finished [x] 'WHY responsive'; [x] 'starting small' and [x] 'building up' lessons. So far, I haven't stuck. 
I have learnt a lot about responsive website. How to set my webapge to change the layout in diferent devices depending the needs -DPI, Width and Height. 
I have learnt how to use media queries to define a breaking points to do my webpage more responsive. 

# week (26th Feb - 3rd March)
TODO: Continue on web foundation

Complete all the lessons of the web foundation and send my final project to be reviewed.

# week (5th March - 11th March)
TODO: Finish the last lesson of web foundation and make my final project
- [x] Lesson 17 'writing readmes' **Completed**
- [x] Course Responsive Images **Complete**
- [x] Project - Build a portofolio site **submitted**

This week I expect to finish my last lesson from web foundation and finish my final project. 

# week (12th March - 18th March)
TODO: Start module web programming with Javascript

- [x] Review basic concepts about javascript **completed**
- [x] Lesson 8 Syntax **completed**
- [ ] Lesson 9 Shell Worskshop
- [ ] Lesson 10 What is a version control? 
- [ ] Lesson 11 Create A Git Repo **Review concepts**
- [ ] Lesson 12 Review a Repo's History
- [ ] Lesson 13 Add Commits to A Repo **Review Concepts**
- [x] **2nd project approved**

# week (19th March - 25th March)
Todo: Continue the web programming with Javascript 

I hope this week I will finish all the lessons that I purpose to do. Last week I did not do so well. I could not spend so much time as I planned, however, I think it was a good week because I finish and submitted my 2nd project. After being reviewed and a few changes it was approved. 

- [ ] Lesson 9 Shell Worskshop
- [ ] Lesson 10 What is a version control? 
- [ ] Lesson 11 Create A Git Repo **Review concepts**
- [ ] Lesson 12 Review a Repo's History
- [ ] Lesson 13 Add Commits to A Repo **Review Concepts**
